Let's do some grid.
This is probably the part where I
melted my mind the most of like, okay,
I get to Tailwind now.
Obviously, this does not
look good at the moment,
where they're just kind of
all over the place, right?
In 30 seconds, we're gonna make this
look amazing with CSS Grid and Tailwind.
It's upsetting how fast this goes.
Okay, so head to Results.js, okay?
And the outermost div,
instead of search here,
we're gonna have this be
grid gap-4 grid-cols-2.
So just that.
Save that, come back over here,
and already,
this is looking a billion times better.
Still not quite there, obviously.
But three CSS classes got us from
hot garbage to just it's like
lukewarm garbage.
[LAUGH] All right, so
let's make it a little bit better,
grid gap-4 grid-cols-1.
Let's do some breakpoints.
So now we're gonna say,
at the small breakpoint,
make a grid-cols-2, okay,
at the large breakpoint, do grid-cols-3.
So again, back over here,
we're at the large breakpoint.
So now it's putting three side by side.
If we make it smaller,
eventually, it'll go to two.
Let's close that, and
eventually, it'll go to one.
You can't tell me that it's not
pretty damn compelling, right?
I'm just thinking back to my
days when I was first writing.
I became a professional developer in 2011.
How damn long this used to
take me to do this, right?
And now just this, again,
I'm gonna put on my old man hand and
say I used to walk uphill both
ways in the snow, but holy hell,
[LAUGH] it used to be so much harder.
So this is the part where I was like,
okay, I get this.
With some mastery of flexbox and
grid and a little bit of Tailwind CSS,
you can do so much so quickly.
Yeah, super compelling.
So we just did small,
this is obviously the small.
So we do grid-cols-1 so
that by default of 1, right?
So the default is actually this.
And then basically, the small is
everything bigger than minimum 640 pixels.
Everything large, we skip to medium,
there's a medium in there.
1024, everything larger than that,
we go to 3.
And you can keep going to XL, and
triple XL, and things like that.
These are also configurable, by the way.
So there's a bunch of default values for
Tailwind.
I tend to just use whatever
they have as their defaults.
But if you're peculiar that at
this level I would like this,
you can configure that
here in your tailwind.css.
I think it's here in the theme part.
I actually don't remember how
precisely you do it, but it's there.
Results, what else did I wanna say here?
Yeah, there's a double XL,
so there's no triple.
Yeah, so rule of thumb that I just
learned from years of writing CSS and
maintaining large applications using CSS.
I really liked their
approach to breakpoints,
where they just have set from 0 to
640 is 1, from 640 to 960 is another,
from 960 to 1024, whatever, they're set
and they don't deviate from that by a lot.
I used to maintain a website that we
had custom breakpoints for everything.
And we got so many permutations like,
what if this is in this breakpoint, but
this one's in this one breakpoint,
and this one?
It's 860, which is between four different
breakpoints depending on which component
you're in.
It's a hot mess, never do that.
Just have a set of four breakpoints and
call it good.
We actually used to call our
breakpoints by Starbucks sizes.
So there was the tall,
grande, venti, and trenta.
They do T-shirt sizes,
which is more normal but less fun.